THOUGHTS

The human soul is information.
Information is entropy.
Entropy is probability.
Probability is Life.

Use experiences from Mozambique, Cancer, and the rice experiment.


OUTLINE

I. Scientists discover that the human soul is encoded as a physical system in the body.
II. Non-profit organization helps victims of dementia via reconstructed experience.
III. Scientists speculate that it could be possible for humans to assume a quantum-state of life.
IV. Olivia undergoes the procedure to become the first known quantum life form.
V. Olivia interacts with humans and other quantum life forms.
VI. Olivia ventures into space to experience new phenomena, and goes into a black hole.


STORY

Olivia disrobed. The cold concrete made her shiver. At least the radiation solution she drank was warm. It didn't really matter anyway. If everything went according to plan, she would soon be warm enough. The machine would make sure of that.

There was a knock at the door. Olivia took a moment to compose herself.

"Come in."

A man in scrubs entered the room holding a cardboard box.

"I brought a box you can put your clothes in. I'm guessing you'll need them when you come back."

"I'm not coming back."

The man glanced away then gave a faint smile as he returned his gaze to the nude Venus. "Well, I'll just hold on to them. Just in case."

The man set the box down on the floor and proceeded toward the machine. Olivia knelt on the ground with her back turned to the machine and began folding her clothes. It didn't matter, she thought, but somehow it felt right.

She looked at the lifeless clothes, neatly arranged in the box. Is this what it meant to behold your own mortality?

The man finished setting the configurations on the machine. He looked over at Olivia, kneeling before the box of clothes. He swallowed. "Would you like a little more time?"

Olivia turned her head. "No, I'm ready."

She stood up and made her way toward the machine, a large black oval with an opening at one end. She climbed inside and took a deep breath. The man began fixing the nodes to every inch of her body.

"Would you like a blanket?"

"No thanks."

"Ok." The man hesistated, resting his hand on the side of the machine. "I've double checked everything to make sure it's ok... I'll come check on you afterwards. Take care." He turned to leave.

"Caetano."

He turned back to look at her. Olivia fixed her gaze on the man she had worked with for so many years. "Thank you, for everything." His eyes filled with tears as he put his hand over his heart.

"Godspeed, Olivia. Godspeed."

Olivia was alone in the room, in the machine. The lights emitted around her and the machine's domed lid began to close, sealing her inside. The gentle light and noise was a soothing distraction.

The noise stopped, followed by the lights. She closed her eyes preparing for the moment.

"Mother" she whispered, "I'm coming for you."

The surge hit like a fury. Every sense was hyper-stimulated and she immediately felt her temperature soar. She was frozen from the overload, and felt her body being pulled apart like a cotton ball. The pressure and intensity increased. She wanted to scream but she was no longer in control. So much information in such a short time. The concentration intensified. Tears poured out of her eyes, floating in the space around her. The glow of her body became increasingly white, increasingly hot. The nodes on her body melted.

The intensity gradually began to ease. Her sight returned, but not completely. In her mind? No it couldn't be. This was physical. The darkness dispelled revealing the machine, shrinking, squeezing around her. But she felt nothing, and everything. The machine, the room, the world collapsed into a single point, the punctuation of a thousand worlds.

-----
-----


