Did you have to do this?
I was thinking that you could be trusted
Did you have to ruin what was shiny?
Now it's all rusted
Did you have to hit me where I'm weak?
Baby, I couldn't breathe
And rub it in so deep
salt in the wound like you're laughing right at me
Oh, it's so sad to think
about the good times, you and I
Did you think we'd be fine?
Still got scars on my back from your knife
So don't think it's in the past,
these kinda wounds they last and they last.
Now did you think it all through?
All these things will catch up to you
And time can heal but this won't,
so if you're coming my way, just don't
Oh, it's so sad to think about the good times,
you and I
Band-aids don't fix bullet holes
You say sorry just for show
If you live like that,
you live with ghosts
Band-aids don't fix bullet holes
You say sorry just for show
If you live like that,
you live with ghosts
If you love like that
blood runs cold
'Cause, baby, now we got
bad blood, white blood cells and platelets
You know it used to be mad love
So take a look what you've done
'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood
Now we got problems
And I don't think we can solve them
You made a really deep cut
And, baby, now
we got bad blood
Blood cell disorders affect your red and white blood cells and smaller circulating cells
All three cell types form
in the bone marrow
which is the soft tissue inside your bones
Red blood cells transport oxygen
to your body’s organs and tissues
White blood cells help your body fight infections
Blood cell disorders impair
the formation and function of one or more of
these types of blood cells.
A normal red blood cell is shaped like a disc,
but due to a genetic mutation,
the red blood cells of patients with sickle cell anemia
contain abnormal hemoglobin molecules and so are rigid and curved.
The sickle shaped red blood cells cannot carry as much oxygen to your tissues as
normal red blood cells can
They may also become stuck
in your blood vessels,
blocking blood flow to your organs
Faster than the wind, and other tissues of the body.
passionate as sin, ending so suddenly
Loving him is like trying to change your mind
once you're already flying through the free fall
Like the colors in autumn, so bright just before they lose it all
Losing him was blue
like I'd never known
Missing him was dark
grey all alone
Forgetting him was like trying to know
somebody you never met
Loving him was red
Touching him was like realizing all you ever wanted was right there in front of you
Memorizing him was as easy as knowing all the words to your old favorite song
Fighting with him was like trying to solve a crossword and realizing there's no right answer
Regretting him was like wishing you never found out that love could be that strong
Losing him was blue
like I'd never known
Missing him was dark grey all alone
Forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you never met
But loving him was red
Oh, red Burning red
Remembering him comes in flashbacks and echoes
Tell myself it's time now,
gotta let go But moving on from him is impossible When I still see it all in my head
In burning red Burning, it was red
Oh, losing him was blue like I'd never known
Missing him was
dark grey all alone
Forgetting him was like trying to know somebody
you never met 'Cause loving him was red
Yeah, yeah, red
We're burning red
And that's why
he's spinnin' 'round in my head
Yeah, yeah
His love was like driving a new Maserati
a dead-end street
Your blood is living
tissue made up of liquid and solids
The liquid part, called plasma,
is made of water, salts and protein
Over half of your blood is plasma.
The solid part of your blood contains red blood cells,
Blood disorders affect one or more parts of the blood and
prevent your blood from doing its job.
They can be acute or chronic
Many blood disorders are inherited
Other causes include other diseases
side effects of medicines, and a lack of certain nutrients in your diet.
Anemia, which happens
when your blood does not carry enough oxygen to the rest of your body
developing abnormal blood
A cut is a break or opening in the skin.
It is also called a laceration.
A cut may be deep
It may be near the surface of the skin, or deeper.
A deep cut can affect tendons,
muscles, ligaments, nerves, blood vessels, or bone
A puncture is a wound made by a pointed object such as
a nail, knife, or sharp tooth
A scar results from the biological process of wound repair in the skin
scarring is a natural part of the healing process
every wound results in some degree of scarring
The amount of damage depends
I think--I think when it's all over,
It just comes back in flashes, you know?
It's like a kaleidoscope of memories.
It just all comes back. But he never does.
I think part of me knew the second I saw him that this would happen.
It's not really anything he said or anything he did,
It was the feeling that came along with it.
And the crazy thing is I don't know if I'm ever gonna feel that way again.
But I don't know if I should.
I knew his world moved too fast and burned too bright.
But I just thought, how can the devil be pulling you toward someone who looks so much like an angel when he smiles at you?
Maybe he knew that when he saw me.
I guess I just lost my balance.
I think that the worst part of it all wasn't losing him.
It was losing me.
Once upon a time a few mistakes ago
I was in your sights, you got me alone
You found me, you found me, you found me
I guess you didn't care, and I guess I liked that
And when I fell hard you took a step back
Without me, without me, without me
And he's long gone when he's next to me
And I realize the blame is on me
'Cause I knew you were trouble when you walked in
So shame on me now
Flew me to places I'd never been
'Til you put me down, oh
I knew you were trouble when you walked in
So shame on me now
Flew me to places I'd never been
Now I'm lying on the cold hard ground
No apologies. He'll never see you cry,
Pretends he doesn't know that he's the reason why.
You're drowning, you're drowning, you're drowning.
Now I heard you moved on from whispers on the street
A new notch in your belt is all I'll ever be
And now I see, now I see, now I see
He was long gone when he met me
And I realize the joke is on me, yeah!
So shame on me now
Flew me to places I'd never been
'Til you put me down, oh
So shame on me now
Flew me to places I'd never been
Now I'm lying on the cold hard ground
And the saddest fear comes creeping in
That you never loved me or her, or anyone, or anything, yeah
I knew you were trouble when you walked in
So shame on me now
Flew me to places I'd never been
'Til you put me down, oh
I knew you were trouble when you walked in (you were right there, you were right there)
So shame on me now
Flew me to places I'd never been
Now I'm lying on the cold hard ground
I knew you were trouble when you walked in
I don't know if you know who you are until you lose who you are.
I stay out too late
Got nothing in my brain
That's what people say, mmm-mmm
I go on too many dates [chuckle]
But I can't make them stay
At least that's what people say, mmm-mmm
But I keep cruising
Can't stop, won't stop moving
It's like I got this music
In my mind
Saying, "It's gonna be alright."
'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play
And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate
Heart-breakers gonna break, break, break, break, break
And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake
I shake it off, I shake it off
I never miss a beat
I'm lightning on my feet
And that's what they don't see, mmm-mmm
That's what they don't see, mmm-mmm
I'm dancing on my own (dancing on my own)
I make the moves up as I go (moves up as I go)
And that's what they don't know, mmm-mmm
That's what they don't know, mmm-mmm
But I keep cruising
Can't stop, won't stop grooving
It's like I got this music
In my mind
Saying, "It's gonna be alright."
'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play
And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate
Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake
I shake it off, I shake it off
Just think while you've been getting down and out about the liars and the dirty, dirty cheats of the world,
You could've been getting down to this sick beat.
My ex-man brought his new girlfriend
She's like I'm just gonna shake.
And to the fella over there with the hella good hair
Won't you come on over, baby? We can shake, shake, shake
'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play
And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate (haters gonna hate)
Bowel disorders discussed here are conditions that primarily affect the small intestine.
There are numerous types of bowel disorders.
Such conditions can affect the way food is digested and absorbed within the body.
Problems with the bowels are not only uncomfortable, but can also lead to further health complications when left untreated.
It is crucial to see a doctor immediately if you suspect that you or a loved one suffers from a bowel disorder. 
The types of symptoms differ between bowel disorders. Each one has some traits in common.
You will likely feel discomfort around the abdomen, rectum, and lower belly.
If you notice blood in your stools or vomit, call your doctor immediately.
Other symptoms of a potentially serious condition include fever and sudden weight loss.
The exact outcome of bowel disorders depends on your current condition, as well as how well your body responds to treatment.
If you notice that your symptoms don’t improve or worsen over time, contact your doctor.
Your treatment plan may undergo adjustments until your see significant symptom relief.
